Tc13 (#154)
freenas/documentation: content/en/hub/truecommand/admins/administration.md

Multiple LDAP servers and Domains can be added.

> By default, TrueCommand creates user accounts when someone logs in to the User Interface with their LDAP credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By enabling the "Allow LDAP user creation" option, TrueCommand will create user accounts when someone logs in to the User Interface with their LDAP credentials.
```
